---
layout: post
title: What's to come?
date: 2024-10-31 14:00:00-0000
description: I am already insane
tags: Philosophy 
categories: post
---
I finished my bachelors one month ago. I have no pictures yet :camera: :sad:, I have no clue where I will work or how I will integrate the different interests that have a hold on me.

I have however a list of things I want to keep learning about

#### The Callers
<ul>
    <li>Languages</li>
    <ol><li>Portuguese</li>
        <li>German</li></ol>
    <li>Law</li>
    <ol><li>Legaltech</li>
        <li>Energy and Mining Law</li></ol>
    <li>Videogames</li>
    <ol><li>Playing them mostly :happy:</li></ol>
    <li>Tech</li>
    <ol><li>Data Analysis</li>
        <li>Machine Learning</li>
        <li>Statistics</li>
        </ol>
</ul>

Let's talk only about the first one.

##### Languages
I think my obsession with language will just deepen over time. The wonder of how we are able to make a series of sounds and have other people understand us just astonishes me. At the same time, why would we learn a language today? There are so many tools to eliminate the language barrier. The fact that even though speaking to one another is now easier than ever before, we are still learning languages. Why? I think the most obvious answer is because communication is not the end of the language phenomenon. The meaning of words is not the only horizon of our language experience. Ofcourse meaning matters but the mere fact of speech also trascends the barriers of meaning. Isn't that what poetry is? Like a cozy trip on a boat of paper over an ending sea of words that describe, dance, change and mutate depending on the reader and the time.

>Die Heimat|
>Ihr Wälder meiner Kindheit , wann ich komme, die Ruhe noch einmal wieder?

>Native Land|
>O woods of my childhood, when I return, my tranquility again? -F. Hölderlin

The other things will have to wait for their own post.

See you navigating the words!


